Also view explanations by holding mouse over column headers
Rk -- Rank
Age -- Player's age on February 1 of the season
W -- Wins
L -- Losses
PW -- Pythagorean wins, i.e., expected wins based on points scored and allowed
PL -- Pythagorean losses, i.e., expected losses based on points scored and allowed
MOV -- Margin of Victory
SOS -- Strength of Schedule; a rating of strength of schedule. The rating is denominated in points above/below average, where zero is average.
SRS -- Simple Rating System; a team rating that takes into account average point differential and strength of schedule. The rating is denominated in points above/below average, where zero is average.

ORtg -- Offensive Rating
An estimate of points produced (players) or scored (teams) per 100 possessions

DRtg -- Defensive Rating
An estimate of points allowed per 100 possessions

NRtg -- Net Rating; an estimate of point differential per 100 possessions.

Pace -- Pace Factor: An estimate of possessions per 48 minutes

FTr -- Free Throw Attempt Rate
Number of FT Attempts Per FG Attempt

3PAr -- 3-Point Attempt Rate
Percentage of FG Attempts from 3-Point Range

TS% -- True Shooting Percentage
A measure of shooting efficiency that takes into account 2-point field goals, 3-point field goals, and free throws.

Offense Four Factors

eFG% -- Effective Field Goal Percentage
This statistic adjusts for the fact that a 3-point field goal is worth one more point than a 2-point field goal.

TOV% -- Turnover Percentage
An estimate of turnovers committed per 100 plays.

ORB% -- Offensive Rebound Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of available offensive rebounds a player grabbed while they were on the floor.

FT/FGA -- Free Throws Per Field Goal Attempt

Defense Four Factors

eFG% -- Opponent Effective Field Goal Percentage

TOV% -- Opponent Turnover Percentage

DRB% -- Defensive Rebound Percentage
An estimate of the percentage of available defensive rebounds a player grabbed while they were on the floor.

FT/FGA -- Opponent Free Throws Per Field Goal Attempt